0;Players of this game are generally...
1;The perspective of this game is...
2;This game is...
3;For which platform is this game available?
4;This game is usually played...
5;This game can be classified as belonging to the following genre:
6;This game's graphic style is...
7;Does this game require a paid subscription?
8;Does this game allow the player to freely explore the game's map?
9;Does this game allow players to collaborate/co-op with other players?
10;Does this game allow players to compete (PvP) with other players?
11;Does this game allow players to create their own characters?
12;Does this game allow players to create a narrative surrounding the game's characters?
13;Does this game allow players to try lifestyles different than their own?
14;Does this game ask players to respond quickly to sudden situations?
15;Does this game ask players to explore unfamiliar places/locations?
16;Does this game revolve around collecting in-game objects?
17;Can this game be played with friends?
18;Can this game be played with random people over the internet?
19;Does this game feature a highscore mechanic?
20;Does this game invite the player to solo fight terrible foes?
21;Does this game feature photorealistic graphics?
22;Does this game feature a high difficulty level?
23;Does this game invite their players to solve puzzles or to devise strategies?
24;Does this game allow players to show their skills off?
25;Does this game invite players to partake in simulated social situations?
26;Does this game require a high level of attention?
27;Does this game feature a completion mechanic (does this game invite the player to achieve 100% completion)?
28;Does this game invite the player to follow a story?
29;Does this game invite the player to follow a story and alter its course by interacting with it?
30;Does this game invite the player to create their own story?
31;Does this game trigger strong emotions, such as fear or horror, in players during gameplay?
32;Does this game ask the players to persevere until they get a much desired object they had been seeking for a long time?
33;Does this game rely on music as the key aspect of its gameplay?
